Review of user manual (only typos and syntax) (#1255)
seL4/seL4: manual/parts/threads.tex

represent a lower bound on execution, as a thread must have the highest or equal highest priority
of all runnable threads to be guaranteed to be scheduled at all, and the kernel does not conduct
an admission test. As a result the set of all parameters is not necessarily schedulable. If
multiple threads have budgets available concurrently they are scheduled first-in first-out, and
round-robin scheduling is applied once the budget is expired.

> A scheduling context that is eligible to be picked by the scheduler, i.e has a budget available, is

Reviewer: I'd leave this one without article.

```suggestion
A scheduling context that is eligible to be picked by the scheduler, i.e has budget available, is
```

Threads that have short execution times (e.g interrupt handlers) and are not frequently preempted
should have less refills, while longer running threads with long values of $b$ should have a higher

> value. Threads bound to a scheduling context with 0 extra refills will get run periodically -- tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value. Threads bound to a scheduling context with 0 extra refills will run periodically -- tasks
```

that use their head replenishment, or call yield, will not be scheduled again until the start of
their next period.

Given the number of replenishments is limited, if a node's SC changes and the outgoing SC does not
have enough space to store the new replenishment, space is created by removing the current
replenishment which can result in preemption if the next replenishment is not yet available.
Scheduling contexts with a higher number of configured refills will consume closer

> to their whole budget, as they can be preempted or else? switch threads more often without filling their

Reviewer: as a logician I'm tempted to leave the original `or`, but I think language pragmatics probably want `and` here:

```suggestion
to their whole budget, as they can be preempted and switch threads more often without filling their
```

time.  Threads run on the node that their scheduling context is configured for.  Scheduling context
parameters can then be set and updated using
\apifunc{seL4\_SchedControl\_ConfigureFlags}{schedcontrol_configureflags}, which allows the budget and period

> to be specified along with a bitwise OR'd set of the following flags:

Reviewer: I don't know how consistent we are in the manual with that, but journal styles would usually not put a colon here, but a full stop as in the original.

```suggestion
to be specified along with a bitwise OR'd set of the following flags.
```

is currently configured (if any) for single-stepping will be the implicit
\texttt{bp\_num} argument in a single-step debug fault reply.

% The description for skipping num_instructions had an off-by-one error
% I.e. num_instruction = 1 does not skip any instructions between stopps

> % num_instruction = 2 "skips" 1 instruction, but executes 2 instructions before stopping

Reviewer: Thanks for fixing that.

    \\ \bottomrule \end{tabularx}\\ \\ \caption{\label{tbl:tf_message_32}
    Timeout fault outcome on 32-bit architectures.} \end{table}

> % above table might be incomplete. What is the outcome for 64-bit architectures?

Reviewer: @indan, should that be TODO/FIXME?
